Update README.md daal4py scikit-learn XGBoost samples (#2302)
oneapi-src/oneAPI-samples: DirectProgramming/C++SYCL/Jupyter/C++-to-sycl-migration/README.md

## Title
The `guided iso3dfd GPUOptimization` sample demonstrates how to use the Intel&reg; oneAPI Base Toolkit (Base Kit) and tools found in the Base Kit to optimize code for GPU offload. The ISO3DFD sample refers to Three-Dimensional Finite-Difference Wave Propagation in Isotropic Media; it is a three-dimensional stencil to simulate a wave propagating in a 3D isotropic medium.

This sample follows the workflow found in [Optimize Your GPU Application with the Intel&reg; oneAPI Base Toolkit](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/developer/tools/oneapi/gpu-optimization-workflow.html#gs.101gmt2).

> For comprehensive instructions, see the [Intel&reg; oneAPI Programming Guide](https://software.intel.com/en-us/oneapi-programming-guide) and search based on relevant terms noted in the comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For comprehensive instructions, see the [Intel&reg; oneAPI Programming Guide](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/docs/oneapi/programming-guide/current/overview.html) and search based on relevant terms noted in the comments.
```

ISO3DFD is a finite difference stencil kernel for solving the 3D acoustic isotropic wave equation, which can be used as a proxy for propagating a seismic wave. The sample implements kernels as 16th order in space, with symmetric coefficients, and 2nd order in time scheme without boundary conditions.

The sample includes four different versions of the iso3dfd project.

- `1_CPU_only.cpp`: basic serial CPU implementation.
- `2_GPU_basic.cpp`: initial GPU offload version using SYCL.
- `3_GPU_linear.cpp`: first compute optimization by changing indexing patern.
- `4_GPU_optimized.cpp`: additional optimizations for memory bound.

## Prerequisites
| Optimized for                       | Description
|:---                               |:---
| OS                                | Linux* Ubuntu* 18.04 <br>Windows* 10

> | Hardware                          | Skylake with GEN9 or newer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Hardware                          | Intel® microarchitecture code name Skylake with GEN9 or newer
```

|[__ISO3DFD and Implementation using SYCL offloading to a GPU__](iso3dfd_gpu_optimized/3dfd_gpu_basice.ipynb)|+ change the kernel to nd_range; we learn to offload more work in each local work group, which optimizes loading neighboring stencil points from the fast L1 cache.|

#### Content Structure
Each module folder has a Jupyter Notebook file (`*.ipynb`), this can be opened in Jupyter Lab to view the training content, edit code and compile/run. Along with the Notebook file, there is a `lab` and a `src` folder with SYCL source code for samples used in the Notebook. The module folder also has `run_*.sh` files, which can be used in shell terminal to compile and run each sample code.

- `01_{Module_Name}`
  - `lab`
    - `{sample_code_name}.cpp` - _(sample code editable via Jupyter Notebook)_
  - `src`
    - `{sample_code_name}.cpp` - _(copy of sample code)_
  - `01_{Module_Name}.ipynb` - _(Jupyter Notebook with training content and sample codes)_
  - `run_{sample_code_name}.sh` - _(script to compile and run {sample_code_name}.cpp)_
  - `License.txt`
  - `Readme.md`

## Install Directions

> The training content can be accessed locally on the computer after installing necessary tools, or you can directly access using Intel DevCloud without any installation necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The training content can be accessed locally on the computer after installing necessary tools, or you can directly access using Intel® Tiber™ Developer Cloud without any installation necessary.
```

> #### Access using Intel DevCloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Access using Intel® Tiber™ Developer Cloud
```

> The Jupyter notebooks are tested and can be run on Intel DevCloud without any installation necessary, below are the steps to access these Jupyter notebooks on Intel DevCloud:

Reviewer: Change all references to Intel DevCloud to Intel® Tiber™ Developer Cloud.
